W-21409144-pdk-plugin-commands-fa (#318)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-cli: modules/ROOT/pages/pdk-plugin.adoc

= CLI for PDK Policy Projects

Use the `policy-project` commands for creating Policy Development Kit (PDK) projects. +

> For more information about developing custom policies with the PDK, refer to the xref:pdk::policies-pdk-prerequisites.adoc[Policy Development Kit documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See xref:pdk::policies-pdk-prerequisites.adoc[Policy Development Kit documentation] for more information about developing custom policies with the PDK.
```
